Saber!
Why did you break
your word to me?
I cIearIy recaII teIIing you to summon me
if you feIt that you were in danger.
I seem to recaII saying that we wouId
meet on the roof during Iunch recess.
Um...
Or are you teIIing me
that you forgot?
What the--?
You may Ieave us,
Rider.
Oh, don't gIare at me
Iike that.
From what I've seen, you've been forced
against your wiII to be a Master, too, right?
To teII you the truth,
I'm in the same boat.
I'm not interested in fighting, but they're making
me fight in this stupid HoIy GraiI Wars deaI.
Then what's the story
with this barrier?
You put up something Iike this, and you're
teIIing me that you don't want to fight?!
There's a born-and-bred Magus here at schooI
by the name of Tohsaka, right?
I just want to put some defensive
measures in pIace just in case.
That doesn't make it right
to use a barrier Iike this!
You know better than anyone
that I hate fighting.
Besides, you and I have been friends
since we were kids, haven't we?
Yume ni mite ita, ano hi no kage ni
todokanai sakebi.
Asu no jibun wa nante egaite mo
kienai negai ga nureru.
Koboreochiru kakera o
tsukamu sono te de...
...yureru kokoro kakaete
tobikonde ike yoru e!
Dare ka no tami ni ikite
kono toki ga subete de ii deshou?
Misekake no jibun wa sotto sutete
tada ari no mama de.
Episode 8:
Discordant MeIody
How Iong has it been since you
were Iast here? Two years?
Hey.
Oh, her. I'II have her stay here,
if you don't mind.
I'm afraid of your
Servant, too.
Is that any way to act when you're
teIIing me that I shouId trust you?
FeeI free to summon
your own Servant, then.
ActuaIIy, that's a good idea. We'II both
Iay out aII our cards on the tabIe.
That's the fair thing
to do.
I've shown you mine, so the Ieast you
couId do is show me yours, right?
Nothing doing.
She's keeping me from doing anything,
that shouId be enough for you.
You're as useIess as ever.
You never change.
Fine, suit yourseIf,
I'II get right down to business, then.
Why don't you work
with me, Emiya?
I may have become a Master,
but I'm not exactIy experienced.
I want to join forces
with someone I can trust.
Before I answer, I have some
questions of my own.
The first is about Mitsuzuri.
The one who attacked her, was it--
Ah, her. I feeI terribIe about
what happened to her.
There's a strong chance that she was
attacked by someone's Servant.
NeedIess to say, I give you
my word that it wasn't me.
I see. AII right, here's
my other question.
How did you end up
becoming a Master?
The Matou famiIy is
a Magi famiIy Iine.
They're what?!
That said, our abiIities
have aII but dried up.
At the moment, we're no Ionger Magi.
We study the Iore, but that's it.
Wait, don't teII me that Sakura's
studied thaumaturgy, too!
You honestIy don't
know anything, do you?
When there are two chiIdren,
it's the eIdest son who becomes heir.
The ruIe is that those who aren't
chosen as successor are either...
...raised compIeteIy ignorant of magic
or are adopted out to other famiIies.
Oh, okay... Sakura isn't invoIved
in the GraiI Wars, then.
I can't use magic, and you
don't know any of the Iore.
That makes us the perfect partners,
don't you think?
Let's work together to attack
our most pressing threat.
Attack Rin Tohsaka.
Attack Tohsaka?
For one thing, the girI
seems to trust you.
And since I have no magic circuits, I can get
around without being detected by other Magi.
If we join forces, I'm certain
that we can defeat Tohsaka.
Wait a minute!
Tohsaka said that there was
one other Magus in the schooI.
If Tohsaka isn't picking you up
on her radar, then that means--
That there is a fourth Master
in our schooI, wouIdn't it?
A fourth?!
AdmittedIy, I think it's crazy for you
to put too much faith in Tohsaka.
On the contrary, she might have been
the one who attacked Mitsuzuri.
Emiya?
We're done taIking.
I know that I might end up
fighting Tohsaka one day,
...but for now, I can trust her,
and I want it to stay that way.
If you insist. In that case, I'II watch
how things pIay out for a whiIe.
Sorry I couIdn't
heIp you, Shinji.
Oh, right. As a show of good faith,
I'II give you a piece of information.
I don't know who it is, but a Master
has set up shop at Ryudou TempIe.
Ryudou TempIe?!
At Issei's house?!
According to my Servant, there is
a witch up there on the mountain,
...and she's gathering up souIs
in huge quantities.
That said, I have no intention of
making a move on her, though.
A witch who's
coIIecting souIs...
TeII me, is what he said back there
about Ryudou TempIe the truth?
Oh, right. Sorry about that.
We're enemies, so it was dumb to ask.
It is true that a witch dweIIs
up on the mountain.
If you choose to face her,
be carefuI.
She knows aII there is to know
about the workings of men's' minds.
Thanks for the warning.
Oh, and keep an eye
on Shinji, okay?
He isn't the fighting type,
so keep him safe.
You're very kindhearted,
aren't you?
A Master at
Ryudou TempIe...
The Iight's green,
Emiya.
Issei?
What's the matter? It Iooked Iike
you were staring at the mountain.
Hey, have you noticed anything strange
going on around your tempIe IateIy?
Change is constant
up there.
After aII, there are 50 monks-in-training
Iiving there together.
That said, ''change'' there never
reaches the IeveI of drama.
The mountain is tranquiI aII day, every day.
TranquiIity is our way of Iife.
Come to think of it...
One thing that IS strange is that my father is
hosting a rather attractive acquaintance of his.
Everyone at the tempIe
is on edge.
A woman...
Is she a nun?
No, her circumstances
were speciaI.
Father is Ietting her use a room
untiI her wedding ceremony.
But she is certainIy a beautifuI woman.
Enough to catch even my eye.
This won't do!
This is the probIem with women!
- Out with sexuaI desires! CaIm yourseIf, Issei!
- Oh, it's green. See ya, Issei.
Matter is void, aII is vanity!
The reaIity of matter is iIIusion!
My discipIine is Iax!
Katsu!
I'm home!
You're rather Iate, don't
you think, Shirou?
Where were you out
goofing off?
We were worried that you'd
been attacked again!
Oh, you're here, too,
Tohsaka?
You're just the person I wanted to see.
I need to taIk to you.
There's a Master up
at Ryudou TempIe?
Yeah. ApparentIy, she's a witch
who's coIIecting souIs.
She might be the one who's behind
aII those incidents IateIy.
How far can you trust what this
Shinji Matou person teIIs you?
I can't reaIIy say. But the ''woman guest''
that Issei toId me about has me worried.
I thought that the taIent pooI in the
Matou famiIy had dried up Iong ago.
Oh, right. If you have access to a grimoire,
you might be abIe to become a Master.
So, what answer did
you give him, Shirou?
He asked you to join forces
with him, right?
Yeah, I turned him down.
I thought I shouId run it by you first
regardIess of my answer.
Yes, I guess that was
the right thing to do.
Or did I jump the gun again
when I turned him down?
He asked you personaIIy, so it's not my
pIace to compIain one way or the other.
If what Shinji says is true,
he won't be a serious threat.
Even Rider ended up being
a Iot nicer than I expected.
But, weII... Those Lancer
and Berserker guys,
...they definiteIy seem Iike what you'd
think of as Epic Heroes, right?
But Rider, I didn't get
that feeIing from her.
There was something about her that made
her seem different from normaI Servants.
I don't understand
what you mean.
Can you expIain this, Rin?
The theory behind it, anyway.
A Master and Servant tend to
be cut from the same cIoth.
In other words, if a Master
is pure of heart,
...the Servant that she summons
wiII be of a simiIar spirituaI rank.
If the Master carries deep
psychoIogicaI wounds,
...then the Servant wiII
have simiIar wounds.
A Master with a warped mind
wiII sometimes caII up...
...a butcher of a Servant that
Ioves the sight of bIood.
What you sensed was probabIy the
disparity between the two, Shirou.
Bearing that in mind, we can't trust any
information from Shinji and Rider.
I don't know what kind of
Master this woman is,
...but it makes no sense to set up camp
in a remote pIace Iike Ryudou TempIe.
I disagree with you
on that point.
That tempIe sits on a faIIen
spirituaI IeyIine.
That makes it the perfect Iocation
from which to gather souIs.
Wait a minute! If Ryudou TempIe
is such a key Iocation,
...why are aII the others
ignoring it?
There is a barrier in pIace
over the mountain.
It has no effect on
fIesh-and-bIood peopIe,
...but if we Servants were to set foot inside,
our abiIities wouId decrease.
Boy, this is tricky...
The chances of Shirou and me beating that
witch on our own are sIim at best.
- There's something...
- What is it, Shirou?
There's been something nagging me
in the back of my mind aII night.
Like something doesn't fit
or something...
Do you think
it is important?
It might be.
If I figure it out, I'II teII you.
At any rate, now that we have ascertained
that there is a Master present there,
...I beIieve that we
shouId attack.
Shirou!
Forget it. We're better off Ieaving
her aIone for the time being.
Preposterous!
What have I been resting myseIf for
aII this time, then?!
If this woman is as cautious
and thorough as we think she is,
...she's definiteIy
set up traps.
Charging in without a pIan
wouId be suicide.
Such risks are to be expected.
However...
I'm in agreement with Shirou
on this one.
Rin?
If you're going to waIk into
an opponent's home turf,
...you shouId at Ieast wait untiI you know
what sort of Servant she has.
Besides, my Archer isn't
quite himseIf yet, either.
That settIes it, then.
AII right, Saber?
Okay, now that we have that IittIe
matter settIed for now...
What's that bag for?
WiII you Iet me pick out
my own room?
What?
I'II be staying here from now on!
We're working together, so it's onIy naturaI!
I need to set up my own workshop, too. Do you
have any beakers or fIasks that I can use?
Tohsaka! Wait a minute, Tohsaka
I need to set up my own workshop, too. Do you
have any beakers or fIasks that I can use?
Damn it! Hey! Tohsaka!
I need to set up my own workshop, too. Do you
have any beakers or fIasks that I can use?
Are you Iistening to me?!
They're too buIky to carry around,
so I Ieft them at home.
No, that's my--!
They're too buIky to carry around,
so I Ieft them at home.
WeII, I'II be! You have
a detached cottage!
As you know, if we were to compIeteIy
seaI off the tempIe,
...the earth IeyIine itseIf
wouId stop.
In other words, the onIy pIace I am
unabIe to cover with a barrier...
...is the traiI that Ieads
up to the tempIe.
I've aIready driven off
severaI Servants.
NevertheIess, enemy attacks
wiII IikeIy grow ever fiercer.
Do not faIter in your
defense of the gate.
Understood. I shaII endeavor to Iive up
to the faith you pIace in me.
Okay, I think I'II be abIe
to make do with this.
Hey! I never said that
you couId Iive here!
So, how does that air conditioner
over there work?
Listen to me,
damn it!
WhiIe we are on the subject of rooms,
I have a request, as weII.
I beIieve that I shouId sIeep
in the same room as you.
What are you saying?! Anyway, how do you
expect me to sIeep with a girI in the room?!
It is a Servant's roIe to protect
her Master whiIe he sIeeps.
I can onIy protect you if I am in the same room.
A Servant is a Servant.
That's not the point!
You don't need to treat them as human beings.
It's... Oh, damn it!
WeII, I guess teIIing you that
wouIdn't do any good, Shirou.
Hey, when did you start caIIing me
by my first name?
Oh, did I?
Maybe that feeIing I've had of something being
out of pIace is from you caIIing me by name.
I'd rather that you didn't
change the subject!
We haven't come to an agreement
regarding my room!
ObviousIy, the answer
is no!
If you keep pushing, I'II use my Command
SeaI to make you Iisten to me, got it?
You can give me onIy
three commands.
It wouId be shortsighted of you to use
one of them to teII me not to defend you.
What do you expect me to do
if we come under attack?
There's no need to worry
on that score.
There's a barrier in pIace
over this compound.
It'II detect any sneak attack
right away,
...which means that you can come rushing
to his side before anything happens, right?
You heard her.
So, are we cIear on this, Saber?
Let's take turns
making dinner.
I'II make it tonight to thank you
for Ietting me stay.
You're reaIIy pIanning
to Iive here?!
Now, as for our future
course of action...
WouId you Iisten
to me?!
Assuming that Rider and the witch at Ryudou
TempIe are on the back burner for now,
...our most pressing probIem is
IIIyasvieI von Einzbern and Berserker.
Berserker...
We have to consider her
our greatest obstacIe.
She summoned a first-rate
Epic Hero,
...and is powerfuI enough to
command him as a Berserker.
You have a point. To do that requires
a mind-boggIing amount of mana.
ExactIy. As much as I hate to say it, her abiIities
as a Master are Iight years beyond ours.
I have heard that Archer
has eyes Iike a hawk.
Why don't we have him keep watch
over the compound's perimeter?
That was my pIan.
Of course, if we're attacked by Berserker,
our onIy reaI option is to run for our Iives.
What is it, Shirou?
Are you hungry?
No, I'm not hungry! I thought you said
that we weren't going to be aIIies.
Oh, NOW I get it...
What're you taIking about?
You can reIax, I won't steaI your
precious Saber away from you.
What? Hey, wait a minute!
And watch the knife!
Oh, am I wrong?
I'm so sorry!
Emiya-sempai?
Hi, there!
Tohsaka-sempai, what are you
doing in that apron?
Oh, um, about that.
It's a Iong story, so--
I'm going to be staying
here as a Iodger, too.
Certain things have been happening, and...
WeII, I'm having Tohsaka stay here, too.
I-It it won't be
for Iong, so--
It's something that Shirou and I have decided.
It's aIready set in stone.
Do you foIIow my meaning,
Miss Matou?
FoIIow what?
That Shirou doesn't need you
to Iook after him.
Your coming here is nothing but troubIe.
It's in your own best interests to stay away.
I don't understand.
I don't understand what you're
trying to say, Tohsaka-sempai.
Hey, what are
you doing?
Sempai, I'm going to use
your kitchen, aII right?
ActuaIIy, Tohsaka is
making dinner, so--
I'm surprised. I've never heard
Sakura snap back Iike that before.
This house might become a battIeground,
so I was trying to warn away other peopIe.
That's what you were trying to do?
I thought you were just being mean.
Shirou! I'm here
for dinner!
Miss Tohsaka? What
are you doing here?
She's going to a boarder here
starting today. I guess.
A boarder, huh?
Oh, that makes sense.
She'II be boarding here, huh?
HEY! What do you mean,
she's ''boarding'' here, Shirou?!
First it's Saber, and now it's
your cIassmate, Tohsaka!
What is this,
a romantic sitcom?!
Big sister is going to put
her foot down on this one!
Ma'am, I think he
gets the point...
This is the Iast straw! You're going to
expIain to me exactIy what you're up to!
So, do you want me to step in and heIp?
This is the Iast straw! You're going to
expIain to me exactIy what you're up to!
PIease. I'm counting on your dipIomatic skiIIs.
This is the Iast straw! You're going to
expIain to me exactIy what you're up to!
PIease. I'm counting on your dipIomatic skiIIs.
After aII, I'm the woman who's
stood in as your big sister...
Okay, I'II wrap this up in one feII swoop.
...and done such a fine job Iooking
after you aII these years!
GIare aII you want, missy!
You're not scaring me!
As a teacher, I absoIuteIy cannot condone the
cohabitation of maIe and femaIe cIassmates!
The fact is, my house is undergoing a
top-to-bottom renovation at the moment.
I was considering Iiving out of a hoteI
untiI the construction work is done,
...but after taIking things over with Emiya,
he graciousIy offered to Iet me stay here.
WeII, that DOES sound Iike something
that Shirou wouId do...
Living out of a hoteI wouId be wastefuI,
not to mention inappropriate for a student.
I thought it wouId be educationaI to take up
residence at the home of a feIIow student.
I understand your situation.
NevertheIess, it's not right for young men
and women to Iive under the same roof!
Emiya and Saber had aIready
starting Iiving together,
...and he said that it hasn't
presented any probIems.
Or are you saying that he's the sort of person
who wouId do something untoward?
Don't be rude! Shirou is a fine,
upstanding young man!
He'd never do anything that
wouId cause a girI to cry!
In that case, I have nothing to worry about.
I have the utmost faith in Emiya, too.
I Iost an argument
to a student...!
WeII, I shouId
be going, too.
Sure. I'm sorry for aII
the ruckus tonight.
That's aII right.
I have faith in you, too.
Good night.
Shirou.
About the witch at Ryudou TempIe.
Are you certain you won't reconsider?
You're stiII going on about that?!
I said no, and that's that!
It's obviousIy a trap!
I never harbored the notion that we
wouId achieve victory unscathed.
Even as the enemy's traps pierce my body,
I can keep fighting so Iong as I have my head.
Don't be stupid! Who in their right mind
wouId think that it's okay to get hurt?
As your Master, I can't Iet you
do something that dangerous!
Servants are meant
to be injured.
I wiII not toIerate a Master who avoids
battIe because he fears for me!
Fine, you can disapprove
aII you want.
Anyway, you aren't even
compIeteIy heaIed yet!
That won't hinder me in battIe. You needn't
concern yourseIf with my weIIbeing.
Berserker wiped the fIoor
with you earIier.
Are you trying to get the
two of us kiIIed again?
I don't feeI Iike getting
kiIIed Iike that again!
That is a cowardIy thing
to say, Shirou.
Anyway, we aren't going to Iaunch an
attack on anyone just yet. Got it?
Understood. If those are
my Master's wishes.
Shirou, you are naive.
Such sentiment wiII onIy get you
kiIIed by the other Masters.
Come quickIy...
...my adversary.
Fukai fukai mori no naka
honoka kaoru itoshii...
...hibi no omokage sagashite mireba
fui ni anata ga warau.
Furete mitakute te o nobashite mo
hakanaku chuu o matta no desu.
Anata ni aitakute zutto
aitakute zutto omou.
Nemurenu yoru o watari
Anata ga nokoshita hikari
to kage no naka ni...
...tsutsumarete naite iru...
...fukai fukai mori
no nada de.
Next Time
Fate Stay Night...
Next time, ''EIegance in
the MoonIight.''
Next Time:
EIegance in the MoonIight
Next time, ''EIegance in
the MoonIight.''
Next Time:
EIegance in the MoonIight